Add more info to FAQ about deps (#1815)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/hooks-faq.md

See also [the recommended pattern for derived state](#how-do-i-implement-getderivedstatefromprops).

### Why am I seeing stale props or state inside my function? {#why-am-i-seeing-stale-props-or-state-inside-my-function}

> Any function inside a component, including event handlers and effects, “sees” the props and state from the render it was defined in. For example, consider code like this:

Reviewer: A few suggestions.
* "sees" is clear enough for me, but due to the quotes maybe a little imprecise. 
* Functions are defined once, but are potentially created multiple times (during renders).

```suggestion
Any function inside a component, including event handlers and effects, contain ("sees") the props and state from the render it was created in. For example, consider code like this:
```

```js{6,9}
function Counter() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  useEffect(() => {
    const id = setInterval(() => {
      setCount(count + 1); // This effect depends on the `count` state
    }, 1000);
    return () => clearInterval(id);
  }, []); // 🔴 Bug: `count` is not specified as a dependency

  return <h1>{count}</h1>;
}
```

Specifying `[count]` as a list of dependencies would fix the bug, but would cause the interval to be reset on every change. That may not be desirable. To fix this, we can use the [functional update form of `setState`](/docs/hooks-reference.html#functional-updates). It lets us specify *how* the state needs to change without referencing the *current* state:

```js{6,9}
function Counter() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  useEffect(() => {
    const id = setInterval(() => {
      setCount(c => c + 1); // ✅ This doesn't depend on `count` variable outside
    }, 1000);
    return () => clearInterval(id);
  }, []); // ✅ Our effect doesn't use any variables in the component scope

  return <h1>{count}</h1>;
}
```

> (The identify of the `setCount` function is guaranteed to be stable so it's safe to omit.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(The identity of the `setCount` function is guaranteed to be stable so it's safe to omit.)
```
